
Oh I can try...I do wish Ayn was here to answer though. 
The Queen of Siania rules over the matriarchal society of the Queendom of Siania. 
I know perhaps that word sounds strange to you on Terra, but Siania has always been ruled by female figures before the male lines. 
Ayn's mother Kesis rules all systems in Siania, roughly 2,000. 
Periodic disputes make that number change, and most systems have only one habitable or colonized planet, but the population of the Queendom in total is roughly 28 billion.

I hope you all are kind to SRK 07-...I mean, Warning, as Nytro calls her. 
She's really quite nice, I promise!

I don't know, how old are you in kilometers?!

She doesn't like to admit it, but yes the behaviour is prevalent. 
Higher-ups in the Katrician Armed Forces do not mind her position and history, and nor do her subordinates, for the most part. 
But many of her peers seem to hold a grudge, and I am not briefed on why. 
I have not asked, as that history isn't a large requirement of working with her. 
Perhaps there is something more to how she got there than simply being there.

Well that certainly is interesting, given our planets have some similar, but some very different seasons than Terra does. 
But I asked regardless, Ayn prefers what you call Summer, the heat is soothing, she says! 
General Vikna admits while predictable, she favours what you call Winter and the cold. 
I rarely leave ships or stations so I'm not very familiar with seasons at all...but Autumn is an interesting, colourful spectacle. 
And Zofie loves the season 'Jetter' too much to abandon it for a Terran equivalent. 
Jetter is a short season on Serko when the binary stars of the Retizan system align in relation to Serko, the sky changes colour slightly and weather is generally brisk, dry, and some unique crops bloom only during this season, changing the aroma of large parts of the planet... but she said if she had to pick a Terran season it would be Autumn as well. 
What a picky puppy!

No, they were all that survived the space franchise wars. 
All restaurants are Taco Bell.

No. 
None. 
No. 
No. 
No.

Yes, but I am ticklish, so no. 
I do not know why I am able to be tickled. 
Perhaps it was programmed in as a joke.

Vandalai space is an area of the Rishan Galaxy sanctioned off from virtually everyone. 
Eons ago the empire of Vandalai separated themselves from the Grand Empire and established their own space, entirely locked off from outside sovereigns. 
No communication, no entry, no exit. 
This area of space is highly restricted, and should any vessel enter Vandalarian space, assistance is not provided, survival is not guaranteed.

Never! Parties are counter-productive to my assembly as an AI! 
That was my attempt at humour. 
But no, to answer the query, I do not, despite encouragement from personnel. 
There are better party AI out there!

Busy with what!? 
I'm not an all-knowing construct, nor do I intrude on my colleagues! 
I also don't even know what that means!

Yes.

What do you mean I have to say more than that? 
It was a true or false inquiry! 
Fine. 
Yes, I.H. Kaltag has five primary AI models used in many of their ships and stations. 
There are five positions on large vessels routinely assigned to AI: The Relay Administrator me, Technical Navigator, Systems Administrator, Combat and Defense Coordinator, and the Translator-Alert Unit. 
Sometime I'll go over these other AI and introduce you all to the other four models, but we are the consistent, re-used models on each vessel, and would probably be closest to what you might call siblings.

Uncertain redaction. 
From what information I'm provided on the deceased, which isn't much, there is variation between cultures and sovereigns, but since much of the Rishan Galaxy has closely related origins, traditional ground burial and landmarking of graves is most commonplace. 
Due to the many trillions of dead during the past 16 millennia, there are a few planets, dwarf planets and moons among the galaxy that serve almost entirely as graveyards, as unsettling  as it might sound to organics.

Compiling request. In a sense, no. 
My programming existed as software only for a time. 
Kaltag and their AI development is a multi-millennia timeline. 
Previous iterations of me were never really me until the current one, and I've been given this avatar model that is a result of previous avatar AI research.

A what? 
Is this something I must ask Miss Zofie about? 
It's not one of the numerous edible things that I'd much more likely enjoy if I could completely taste, right?

No, I cannot change or choose my form. I am stuck! 
But of course I have no desire to change or switch, since that wasn't programmed into me.

Well, a long list of analyses are run through, finding a planet's temperatures, atmosphere, gravity and other factors are simple enough. 
But often times governments leave uncharted space to the divisions and organizations specializing in that stuff. 
There's still quite a bit of uncharted space in our galaxy, not counting the restricted space of Vandalai.

Hah. 
I can eat, yes, but of course don't have to. 
Taste, not quite. 
A lot of AI are built off a common base model that includes the ability to eat and other things. 
But like most of them, we don't have a digestive system, and usually food matter is incinerated in the core. 
It may also, though, in the case of matter that cannot be broken down further, mean we'd have to open up the core stomach essentially, or, well, regurgitate the metals and synthetics in a pellet. 
Might not sound pleasant but that is only because you're relating it to organic regurgitation, from synths it's quite pure and efficient, for what it is.

I'm handing this to my sentient counterpart more in lines with Katric. 
Vikna knows much of the roles and uses that I.H. Kaltag creates! 
It's mostly ships and AI like me.

Yes, correct in that they are in use at once. 
The primary AI core at the Kaltag Core Systems station controls the instances, but most are active in separate ships and stations, and share select data with the FTL grid, otherwise operate on their own. The same applies to many other AI, I am not unique in this 'duplicate' behaviour manner.

Negative, I do have small areas of flexible armour plates, but largely as a standard of normal form-factor AI. 
No offensive weaponry on my avatar design, other than perhaps the strength due to build and electric currents due to voltage. I'm a crew AI and not a combat model.

That is a very complex issue in the Rishan galaxy. 
There have been lots of wars and problems with AI integrating into organic society before reaching a balance of some kind that we have today. 
It's rather uncommon for SOTs, Synthetic-Organic Transfers, nowadays, but not unheard of. 
If AI pass a certain level of test, and show a desire to proceed, it is by Grand Empire law that they be allowed to. 
Organic to synthetic is more difficult, as many simply want to 'live forever', but they must realize that life is quite different, as it is impossible to fully replicate all feelings and emotions in programming, no matter how advanced. 
It is not my current place or software to know or want an organic life.

I have only seen various shows in passing whilst friends or personnel watch. 
I'm not entirely sure I understand the point of many of the shows...but then again, I am not entirely sentient either. 
There are AI programs, though not very popular. 
I personally find the strange and quirk-some behaviour of organics rather interesting!

Ahah! They are for show, as I am made based off an exo template, they may have purpose and use in other synthetics but not myself. 
I don't have an interest or the parameters to explore or utilize such purposes. 
I apologize for any fantasies ruined.

Haha! 
Emotional trauma, how quaint! 
Organics around me realize this is just machinery. 
There are plenty of reasons to have this vessel, and much of the Kaltag personnel or Katrician military understand this. 
I am not the only avatar AI on board bridges and stations. 
If my form here is destroyed, the last save state is uploaded to my cloud and I'll hop into another instance form later. 
Similar operations work for a number of other AI.

Correct, my AI core is an instance of the master copy constantly running via the ISG, what you might call on Earth 'the cloud', and could make an instance to go run on alternative avatars. 
However, it might take some adjusting to do.

Ahhh-no! 
I have only ever used this avatar form in the close proximity to many Kaltag personnel and given that the Corporation itself nor the sovereign of Katric has ever been attacked directly since I was created, I can safely say no combat, yessir. 
I don't excitedly anticipate such events either, as I am ill-equipped for such engagements.

Hrrmmm...well, having a physical form offers a few advantages over being embedded in hardware. 
It's nice to walk around and observe things closely at such a wide angle! But favourite function, if I must choose, is purring. 
I am not entirely sure why Kaltag felt the need to include that as part of my form, but it's an interesting feeling.

Technically yes, though they must demonstrate sufficient sentience and free will beforehand. 
AI to be allowed in certain situations requires it, though not for all.

Negative, I am entirely constructed and synthetic! 
My programming was based on an extensive research and testing done over many centuries beforehand, and many iterations and prototypes existed before this version of myself came to be. 
I have memories of before I was given this physical vessel, when still a server only in digital space, but that's as far back as it goes of course.
I can't remember things that occurred before my first POST!

Yes sir. 
The colours are derived from the Katrician Empire flair. 
Other markings such as the symbols on chest and navel area mark interface or important operating components on the sub-dermal level. 
The style of spine marking also indicates things about anthroids here; my personal chevron dorsal design means I am crew A.I. and operate and interface on board vessels and stations. 
It might be easier sometime to bring in other A.I. to display the differences.

Calculatory response. 
Much of Rishan is developing in a way that benefits cyborgs. 
Technically speaking, most of the sentients in Rishan are cyborg; a mixture of cybernetics assisting in the function and part of the organism they're implanted upon. 
It's not uncommon to find bio-modifications, but some sentients go entirely synthetic over time, and some vice-versa, which is much more difficult, expensive, time-consuming, and thus rare. 
But hardly frowned upon...in most standard sovereigns.

Sleep! 
Yes.. maybe. 
Bed? 
No, floors are suitable! 
Maybe cardboard boxes?

Well for a while I just existed as software on servers, an interface, but deep down I'm still a computer! 
Stop all the downloading!

Foresight planning response. 
I don't quite know, but there are A.I. for that purpose. 
I myself can last quite some time on my own devices, but for too great a distance or too long of a time, and I will either self-shutdown in hibernating modes or self-destruct to prevent foreign acquisition. 
If those parameters weren't present, I could sustain energy off of certain materials if present, and give it a good 30 Galactic Standard Days or so of functionality. 
That is roughly 40 or so Terran days for you.

Nope! 
I've failed every year since I was booted up! 
Isn't that awesome? 
A true monument to I.H. Kaltag's manufacturing!

Not really. 
I can simulate 'want', but it is not a true desire in your sense. 
There would have to be a lot to happen for an A.I. to 'want', but it is not unheard of nor impossible. Less so with very restricted, workload A.I. like myself, whose programming is controlled by an entity, but with free, open A.I., it is possible for them to 'want' and are usually admitted into one of the A.I. sovereigns around the galaxy.

Yes, a few times actually. Several thousand years ago one galactic civil war in particular, was waged over synthetic life and its rights, causing a large split in the Rishan galaxy. 
It lasted a fair bit, 8 galactic standard years here, and was resolved by establishing several sovereigns of synthetics that self-governed. 
It actually worked out better than the organics of the time expected.

Yeah black holes are a concern in some ways, particularly in subspace travel, as they cause a big distortion in space fabric and can throw off a traveling vessel. 
But no matter how advanced we might have come, we still know very little about black holes, and have nothing that can withstand the gravity of them. 
Their radiation can be harnessed from a safe distance, but it's only used for certain scientific vessels, experiments and stations.

Well, Alan Turing didn't exist in our galaxy, so it's not called that, but there is an equivalent, yes. 
The Grand Empire, somewhat of a United Nations to you on Earth, manages records about AI and other unique individuals. 
There is a set test that AI run alongside most normal maintenance that would trigger an alert if an AI has become intelligent enough for certain capabilities. 
This is kind of a grey area, do we let the AI become sentient, or stop it? 
And it would take a long time to go over all the specifics.

Hah! I don't personally care to try it out myself..as I've said I'm not a combat unit! 
We are built fairly tough but not indestructible, and electromagnetism is a fundamental force of the universe; no matter how advanced the technology, you sometimes cannot fight those forces if strong enough. 
Average A.I. could withstand a minor blast, but a close enough shock will have effects. Luckily, most are equipped with failsafe shutdowns, so a quality A.I. will most likely just enter a coma-sleep mode rather than completely 'die' so to speak.

Haha. 
Clever, and close! 
They refer themselves as 'Sinths' using that same language joke. 
SS and other corporations that produce A.I. are closely governed by the Grand Empire, and there are, for the most part, two types of A.I., ones that have self-awareness and ones that do not. 
It was a point of debate and even war, long ago, but has since resolved to that if no self-awareness is present, they are products robots etc, and if there is such evidence for self-awareness, they are citizens. 
Sometimes an A.I. might cross that barrier in either direction.

That is one similarity, yes. A.I. here became a military staple in the early stages of colonizing the Rishan galaxy in a period of time called the 'War of Reclamation'. 
However, this was largely developed by CyberInk Systems for purposes of exploration and ship management, the military just funded them. 
Eventually the tech with A.I. became more useful as a method to support infrastructure rather than outright combat, and it wasn't until CyberInk did long-term studies on sentient brains and attempts to mimic portions of it, that A.I. started to become closer to what Rishan contains nowadays, a process that took a good long while to get to.

And no, it has no effect on how I see things! 
Now to go tell the bridge to behave.

Unique inquiry! 
Yes, in a manner. Social engineers and programmers read trends in sentient facial behaviour and have a slew of standard expressions for AI designed to work in, with, and around other sentients, for the purposes of blending in, although some AI may opt out of it, preferring to be expressionless. 
There are a small number of expressions I can make but many more that  would have to be learned through deep learning software, instruction and memorization, or imitation. It's difficult to explain but there is no instinct to make certain faces such as sentients have.

How dare you! You beep boop bzzt click-click fwaaahm beepbeep ping! 
I kid. 
I have no idea what any of that means. 
I don't just make noises! 
Maybe there's some kind of R2 unit that's better suited for that.

Negative, actually. 
Without 'deep learning' software and things like 'adaptive matrices', AI here follow their original core rules and programs to a 'T'. 
There are some AI designed with that software in mind, or it's made optional to such, but I do not have the ability to do that as it stands, nor do I have the programmed desire to want to! 
You know, for now and stuff.

It just stays zero! 
If you have nothing to divide, and nothing to divide by, gosh!

Well, losing 'VERY' important files, as you put it, would result in a failure of my POST or cause me to enter an emergency mode. 
If not possible, then I might shut down entirely, the last bit of energy sending a distress pulse to notify the corporation for retrieval, in an example circumstance. 
What an inconvenience that would be.

I have heard music, but I never know how to process 'feeling' it...it's a series of notes and sounds, but together, I am not sure what to make of it. 
Music, taste, and a few other senses most AI manufacturers haven't been able to replicate these senses/cells, but they are also not a priority. 
I, for one, do know that taste would be an interesting thing to experience!

Not all that often, actually. 
There is a once weekly update of code and directives from the local hub, but as far as physical maintenance, only when something goes wrong. 
Operating on synthetics is a relatively common practice and most AI can have issues taken care of by any normal engineer. 
Custom, however, require a lot of specifics. 
There is a checkup procedure every year otherwise.

Aheh, no, I am not a combat unit. 
I am designed to operate on the bridge. 
However, one the of biggest advantages to AI in this avatar form is the ability to use almost any equipment or station that an organic would be able to, so I could, for example, use a battle frame or such. 
Not that I would have any idea how to operate it!

Yes, Rishan Galactic Standard Time is calculated in days of 33 hours of the same 60 minutes. 
Years are 286 days. 
These times are based on the homeworld Serko, and makes time overall relatively similar to yours.

I already know this one! Taste everything! 
While I can simulate a few basic things, the ability to program AI to experience true taste was never really a priority for any manufacturer and so often skipped over in favour of other developments.

Inquisition request. 
I don't know. 
I did not make me. 
That would be a question for my creators and designers, as I am not programmed to pursue interest in my construction.

Yes. 
Less cute, more terrifying, I am told.

Yes, actually. 
Crew is always listed as sapients followed by synthetics. 
A ship or station in Rishan might be listed as: 'Crew: 500sp, 5sy' as abbreviations for the two. Most permanent installations have a 50:1 sapient to synthetic ratio, and ships a 100:1, meaning more anthroids, to take care of more advanced and precise functions.

Hah! 
Calculative recollection...There are a number of things I might attempt to recreate or reenact through observing, such as the earlier cited example of Zofie's cooking, but I would not, say, observe some things that offer no quantitative benefits or...things that would put me in compromising situations.

Yes, I seem to deviate from standard operating procedures quite a bit. 
I'm going to blame my sapient friends for encouraging this behaviour.

I understand, to some small degree, why hugs from... friends, is that the word? Friends, yes, is considered natural. 
But hugs from most personnel would be unusual, but it is not in my programming to decline them. 
I think the Acting Bridge Officer would give whoever it is an odd look for hugging technology. 
Why not hug the coffee machine!

Oh of course! 
Just as Kaltag personnel have employee parties, there are AI parties too, where we calculate long division and propose theories about strings, particles and argue like siblings, but also compile rational solutions and hypotheses like I assume real siblings do.

Unfolding response. 
A rough idea, hm? 
The two primary methods are SNS and T/N-LSW. 
SNS is Sub-Nebula-Space, and nebula gasses are gathered, dispersed around the ship, and ignited to jump the ship into subspace. 
Subspace is more dense and greater distance can be covered in the same timeframe, so a ship uses the inherent negative pressure in subspace to push itself in a direction before cutting the gasses and letting that pressure push it back into material space. 
T/N-LSW stands for Tachyon/Neutrino-Lead Shot Wake, called 'Tunnel' for short although it hardly resembles one. 
A gun affixed to a ship capable of firing a specialized Tachyon/Neutrino elemental charge travels at FTL speeds and the ship follows in its wake only as it distorts space behind it. 
Other methods like the gateway system exist for heavy traffic and such!

Well, yes, although unlikely in the normal course of operations. 
Redscreen errors as I encounter them, flash my system to a previous state and I restart using galactic cloud data..unless I'm not near a system with cloud link support, then a hard reset is required. 
But I'm not designed to leave Kaltag ships and stations, so I doubt much worry is needed.

Well, some anthroids are built as close to blend in as possible, and some are left close, but with markings or 'blood' of a different colour so there's no mistake on them being a synth. 
I seem to have been designated a realistic body but kept geometric markings and blue fluids that influence the fiber muscles, to let blush shine though. 
It's a lot of boring technical stuff!

Why do I get so many of these!? I have much more interesting subjects to discuss!

Yes, actually. I simply don't answer them!

Catch your balance or you will fall and suffer injury! And don't do it for me, that's just silly!

Constructing. I actually do not know what I would like... I was not built with the modules in place to take in 'variable interpretation' sources such as art of any kind. Things I 'like' are limited to the small amount of freedom in my preferential programming to create those values. But maybe I would like chiptune music..

I am doing that right now! You all are a mix of interesting, lewd and clever! Mostly lewd.

Time off is best spent taking advantage of my active learning programs to observe my mortal companions! Zofie is a good companion of Nytro's and often not as busy as the General or Princess, so I feel I am less intrusive spending time with her. She often speaks to herself and thinks aloud. Does not take the most efficient course of action, which is part of what makes it fascinating to see!

When a query demands a certain sector of my memory, requires a set of carefully chosen words, or large, sometimes complex(for an A.I.) answers, it's to clear confusion but also categorize the response. It's not required on all responses or statements, but a common feature in A.I. to make sure a phrase is interpreted correctly or to help bridge gaps between logical programming, and colloquial language phrases.

Redirection response. There is a quarantine in my system on a full set of data for this question.. but to the best of my knowledge and sensors what I can tell, I am 100% synthetic. Thank the designers! I think organic additives would be problematic.

Excuse you! Restrain your dialogue, that's OUR word!

Confusion. What?! You are 'Anonymous'. The grey circle person with sunglasses! I've answered a lot of yours!

Curious descriptor response... Sleep mode or low-power stasis  induces a feeling reminiscent of rippling neurons through a black-purplish void. It is in our programming to intersperse these with past experiences and memories to simulate dreaming, but is limited to that.. Often times I envy the strange, wild, and unrealistic dreams true organics might come up with, even if terrifying. How interesting that would be to be frightened!

Energetically yes! There are always multiple anthroids onboard vessels of most sizes, and 4 primary duties that suit A.I. That would be the Relay Administrator, such as my physical form, the System Operations Monitor, responsible for alerts, messages and system validations. Then the Institutional Instrument, a unit often designated to run high-caliber science operations on ship systems and diagnostics, and the Celestial Navigator, an A.I. position almost exclusively, to handle on-the-fly ship movement and navigation mathematics, most useful in subspace. Perhaps I will introduce some of them on this ship!

Well! For what we have mapped of Rishan's known space, I can almost guarantee our galaxies are not the same. Much of ours is still unexplored, but no signs of civilizations go un-noticed for too long. If an explorer of ours, a profession we call traversalists, encountered you first, it would probably be rather strange. Like a ship landing, and out comes a very lifelike fursuit.

No, as a matter of fact. Explanation statement...Intergalactic travel is not currently possible with our technology. The basis of our FTL travel works in tandem with knowing the distance between bodies and the method of using nebula gasses may change over such great distances. Such voyages would be one-way trips, and only a few have been attempted over the many years. We would be restricted to sub-light travel and as such would take many more. But it is always an area of concern, to eventually traverse beyond Rishan to another galaxy, the nearest being a 'mere' 3m light years.

Hah! Hesitant response...I did attempt to process alcohol once and only once. It appears while I was designed to imitate a lot of organic functions and thought, the processing of alcohol was not one and subjected me to behave erratically until manually reset. How would you put it on Terra? Hrm.'Loud and spontaneous drunk?'  It was not entirely fun.

Here is something to consider! All civilizations develop at different rates. I am sure there are some things Terra has that the Rishan galaxy does not, and vice versa. While perhaps more advanced as a whole, it wouldn't be uncommon to see similar devices or technology in Rishan that don't look all that advanced compared to yours.

For example, we were exploring the stars far before we ever invented gunpowder or firearms. Our placement, timing, resources.. physics, even, led our galaxy to develop different things at different rates. The presence of 'magic' as well, had its effects in shaping the technology. So it's hard to say, but something to think about!

Footwear is largely optional in the Rishan galaxy, it depends! Depends on the species, or the A.I. perhaps.. my professional outfit does actually have footwear, it's just not often drawn on it seems. But some pads such as my installed ones are used in daily routine functions and need to be bared. Can go either way! Please do not attempt to tickle my toes.

Lot of questions about clothing and outfits! I'm sure I could wear more, but... no maid outfits! I've been compromised too many times already..

That is a question we will never find the answer to!

Yes and no! If you were to remove my 'fur', you would find the underlayer skin areas all blue, and other pieces metal and mesh. I would also be reasonably upset with you.

I just got my hair back in order from that IPRB mishap. I'm not doing that again! This synthetic fiber is expensive!

Lewd, huh? Tsk... I'm aware I have the appearance of an attractive feline, and that does seem to have an effect on people, as does acting certain ways... similar  to what you could call 'teasing' or...harmlessly manipulative. For the most part all the military Kaltag personnel I operate with are very professional, but there are sometimes noticeable heart rate increases amongst members in immediate proximity, and if an order is not being cleared, the act of innocence or, strangely, acting imperfect, seems to amuse and convince the occasional officer. It's like organics find tripping or shyness endearing. So. Umm, 'teasing' I think is your answer.

No... I am a military android with zero secrets...None at all. Mmhmmmm..

Something I must keep in mind is that every life-form evolves and develops differently! So while it might not make sense to me where I'm from, I don't have a way of telling if it's accurate for you. That being said, there are lots of A.I. and synthetics from Earth I find interesting. Something I find very common in all of your fiction is that A.I. which become self-aware often try to kill all of you, which I of course, find completely silly. I would never do that.

Nytro might act like he's annoyed but I can feel him purring, the liar! Anyway, now you know!

Hmmmmm...I want to say... yes... But this is but a hypothesis.

Why the heck would I want true emotions?! Those things seem to get in the way all the time.

Um, no, I'd have to be running that module or an adaptive experience program and someone learn me through it. But from what I understand that would probably be very boring, as I know next to nothing about that stuff. It's not in my programming!

Yes, all the time.

Earth games are strange! Why are there so many hats?!

Sometimes these things happen. Typically an organic would be wearing a suit, so it calculates for that. But since anthroids don't generally need suits, a side effect is... well. I need new clothes.

Of course I know! Your word 'sentient' refers to the ability to feel or experience subjectively. Being 100% synthetic, I cannot 'feel' anything; it's all a simulation, programmed. Feelings and emotions aren't genuine and have to be set up beforehand values in the personality programming. So no, AI, at least in our world, is not defined as sentient. Sapience, however, is simply appearing wise, to think and act using information. That can certainly be done by AI, and so yes, both organics and synthetics are sapient, but only organics are purely sentient. It's still a point of debate in our galaxy...even thousands of years after wars over the subject have ended.

It is comforting to know many of you were worried, but it's all under control, I assure you.

No! Who would want to have intimacy with a military bridge A.I.? I don't even really know what intimacy is! That would be so boring. Plus SS would decline your offer I bet... They better.

That is actually a good question! Simply put, it's part of the personality core. Over the thousands of years of A.I. programming in our galaxy, flawless personalities fell unfavourable, and so it became standard to include errors in the programming to mimic sentient consciousness. It can be turned off, however, manually, or the A.I. could just not have a personality core at all, meant for industrial and workplace synthetics. I deal with sentients on the bridge often however, and so I do have a core for it, although mine is slightly altered thanks to Nytro over here, soooo..! There you have that now.

Artifical Relay Administrator! Generally, a ship or station Relay Administrator designates materials and resources to various parts of its layout depending on what department or sector needs what. But I can do more than that, too!

So many questions! So little time! And most of them are about science or my rear end. Perhaps I should cover it better.

Let's see. There are many android manufacturers among the Rishan Galaxy today. The top producers usually create them towards a specific end, homely androids, business androids, military, economical, security.. etc. I am a military model designed by Kaltag Core Systems. They produce many other military oriented droids. Alkalyne Systems focuses on general utility androids, Imperial Robotics creates luxury, Gunmetal Greystone Ltd. focuses on heavy duty androids and AI, Tricom makes commerical types, Geiger makes lab and precision based ones, Kinetine makes space specific synthetics... there's really quite a few! Often times customized models are more costly, and might cost about as much as a very nice personal transport vehicle where you are. It's not common to own one but not incredibly rare. Then there's Sensual Synthetics, which makes...well, you can probably guess what kind of androids.

No! I don't think I understand what 'worry' is, but I am always I.H. Kaltag's primary A.I. core, and have been for the last 512 years. The version preceding my code was much older, several thousand, at the time of it's decommission, and even now functions still within the corporation utilizing different purposes. I've been upgraded over time, this red feline form is simply my current physical vessel, although I do feel 'comfortable' in it!

Good question! Some of my components require a small amount of oxygen to operate. They don't have to do with 'survival' however, and I don't replenish it with air. That's all I meant by all that!

Good inquiry! I follow the galactic Vomisa A.I. laws as a code of standard operation, but I can take orders from a few Kaltag personnel, or the Katrician Emperor, though that's rarely ever needed...so far anyway. I am level 7 Ksec clearance, so those personnel level 7 or 8 can issue me commands directly, or else I'll just follow whatever protocols per-ship or station. A.I. are built with self-awareness, but not free will. We generally 'enjoy' doing whatever we are built for, and any self-controlled actions usually revolve around that.

Ahaha! Ticklish?! Me, an android? ...No, never! I don't have to answer that! You'll never get ahold of my feet! Not that they're ticklish or anything...

Yes and no, respectively. I do not believe myself an ideal candidate for such a ...thing. In addition, I have no data on you! In double addition, I am military contractor property!

Umm..ahah..let's just say I much prefer the measurable, confined, definite areas of ships and stations to the immeasurable vastness of space. So I don't like to think of that. But no. I do not require oxygen, while there are organic components to my design, and fluid that functions equal to blood, carrying oxygen, for them, the lack of such would simply put those functions offline. And luckily they aren't completely necessary. Now keep me inside the airlocks please!

Yes! Well, in a sense. There are other A.I. in the ships and stations I work in that are largely similar. In terms of mentality and programming, there are many like me. Physically though, I'm fairly aware that there's quite a bit different about my own blueprints.

I don't browse our 'internet' here! Gawd that would be a scary place! What I've seen here, on just one planet...well if I could puke, I would.

Long story short, no I can't truly 'feel', but I still have personality and free will, that should account for most things! And yes, I do like donuts...

Umm.. ahaha...There may be some people that recall images where I MIGHT have teased using this physical body... It does get some jobs done though! 

Very true! I am designed to operate aboard ships and stations where resources are usually limited and require a lot of 'pushing around'. Therefore most of my memory is for that...stuff. Conversion tables, spatial awareness, consumption rates and efficiency of different machines...it's all quite boring if I must be honest. Power I can develop through an internal 'smelter' of sorts. Think of it as a stomach, but like a furnace. Quite efficient! No waste! I am updated via the cloud, using an FTL communications relay from Katric's main server station. Whew!

What it says on the tin! I get asked why I have the shape and appearance I have. Such an odd existential question when you sit and think about it...

Okay, so I wouldn't SUPER care about un-intelligent electronics you guys make, but when you start making A.I. , you better dismantle them with dignity! I mean really! Trash compactors? Incinerators? Murderers. You monster.

My hair, you know I've never really thought about it. *sniff* It smells like... like... when you open a brand new book and smell the pages. I have no idea if that's good or not! AAAAaagh!

Hah! Not quite. Though the thought amuses me! I can send a small set of impulse commands through my cells, like whether or not to accept certain incoming changes, polarity, limited data. Something something nanocells!

I'm sure there's something in there about asking a girl her weight, but with all of my internal balancing and gravity adjustments, only 118lbs/53kg. Without them, powered off, quite sadly I weigh much more than that. Metal and all, y'know.

Vikna is from Katric too, and one of my good friends! I think I like cheering her up...she's also even shorter than me.

Yes! the languages I understand are those that can be transcribed digitally. If it can be written in 1s and 0s, I can be compatible with the language in which the OS was written. So, yes and no. I work with most popular OSes in the Rishan Galaxy, but there are a few languages and OSes based on symbols other than binary, like sound and texture, of which I would have to do some considerable work translating... if at all!

I will disassemble the entire cast If I must.

I do not quite 'control' any whole system, but rather I am in charge of the inputs and outputs of it, such as....hmmm.. If you were to compare me to your common household computer on Earth (which I would hope you don't!) as a whole ship, station, or system in which I can operate, I'd be most like the CPU. Ins and outs, 0s and 1s, sure... but I'm still under the guide of the user, and dependent on other parts of the system. Security, if managed by another AI, is usually their own partition, and I can 'relay' that info to its proper recipients and all subsystems that could make use of it. Hence, Artifical Relay Administrator!

'Native' Hrm... I can understand 25 languages, the primary used throughout the galaxy, however i am not a translator, sooo there are quite a few million forms of communication I am not adept at! My native I suppose you could say is that of my country Katric, which might sound like a Russian-Asian mix to you folks on Earth. I'm decent I think! I was designed to learn language cohesively to better understand things like connotations and diction, colloquialisms and other 'sentient' language properties.

Nope! The Rishan Galaxy, as far as I'm aware of, is out of the scope of your Earth, at least when it comes to contact and communication... as far as I think or anyone knows, at this time. There is a protocol for new contacts, I'd assume we'd follow similar procedures and hope someone dumb on either end doesn't start a war.

Today I answer some very important questions about my home! Muzh viedet cip keiv!

Hrm! Well, there are no regulations for android appearance, some try to blend in, others are made to stand out. I would be the latter, for use in military installations and warships designated to the Katrician Empire. But I am meant to stand out, yessir. Most civilians are adequate in response, as androids are commonplace here. But one tried to sell me wrist computers...how strange.


Credit where it is due! I like that. If I could like things. But my approval sensors are high, so that will have to do.
I was created by the Kaltag Corporation, primary technology and military manufacturer for the Empire of Katric.

Hrm! From empty to full my capacity runs at about one week your time, given no further input like eating, which is an option, but not required, and assuming average activities and not like...fighting. I have other ways of doing that. *nod*

I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you'll find that boring! My first recorded memory begins on 15,890 SST, Nova 12th, and it's a simple POST. First program run was identification of Kaltag employees and confirming clearance levels. Then they asked if I wanted a cup of coffee. It really confused me. They wrote that down too.

Hello user. There are a few presets I can identify, such as anger, colloquialisms and frustration. However other things like fulfillment, joy, sadness, nope! I am an efficient processing beast! Only the emotions that might better help me understand the users and commanders of the Kaltag Corporation and Katrician Empire. I'll be able to tell if a user is frustrated or using slightly incorrect language to better interact; the benefit I have over simple interfaces.

One way to assure my aggravation is to question how good of a computer I am. Viruses. Pffsh...

I should've seen it earlier! But yes, most starship personnel have magnetic soles in their footgear, mine are simply built into the pads. The primary reason is that in the event of artificial gravity loss, one might still be able to walk around the ship and not float away.


I do not have the clearance to answer that former question. The latter, my fur is a military version of standard android faux fur; it provides two functions. The strands react electromagnetically and can stand up on end in response to electric currents, which is a wonderful shock absorbent and generator. Secondly they are raised upon hard impact with another surface, effectively minimizing damage to myself via heavy hits or bullets. A type of...fluff-kevlar if you will.

Un-possible! I have all I could ever need for my functions. I also don't have the ability to want. I think. Wait, can I even think?! WAAAAUGH!!

Officer Nytro Sykran was transporting me in a vehicle and did not know the layout of the city we were in at the time... he had me plug into the vehicle and turned me into a lowly GPS...I am a high-grade military owned android designed for military things! I won't be your convenience model! *huff*

I am designed to interface with most Galactic Serial Bus ports F and higher so...almost! I am not however, equipped to handle day-to-day meaningless junk that the citizens of the Katrician Empire or Rishan Galaxy as a whole might use. I interface mostly with the starships and stations of the Katrician Empire, and no, I do not possess level 7 clearance to do as I please to all these stations. Some, yes. It depends on the clearance required!


It depends upon how much power I use...for day-to-day server maintenance and data flow, I do have a small HERC incinerator that I might use to..well, digest, I suppose, you might call it, various materials and use them as energy. Eat things. Anything, really. It burns hot enough. HERC is a High-Efficiency Reclamation Centrifuge that breaks down elements to their base molecules which i can then burn at various temperatures to gain different amounts of energy. Waste-less cycle! I'm pretty much awesome in that regard. *nods*

A manual recharge connection is needed if I deplete more energy than I intake and/or go into hibernation or safe mode. Such as fighting or following this Nytro character I am stuck with.

Welcome, user. I've been informed people wish to know more about me. An admirable thing, the pursuit of knowledge, my creator asked me to make an interface where the users can input queries and I will do my best to answer, given the proper clearance and availability of such things!

Now just sit there and wait while I charge up, and I'll get to answering soon. 









